docs(zh-CN): add References -> Users -> Profile -> Basic data (#114)
logto-io/docs: docs/docs/references/users/README.md

A user profile consists of the following types of data:

> - [**Basic Data**](#basic_data): contains basic info in pre-defined attributes, such as user id, username, email, phone number, and when the user last signed in.
> - [**Custom Data**](#custom_data): contains additional info in customizable attributes, such as user-preferred color and language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [_basic_data_](#basic_data): contains basic info in pre-defined attributes, such as user id, username, email, phone number, and when the user last signed in.
- [_custom_data_](#custom_data): contains additional info in customizable attributes, such as user-preferred color and language.
```

> - [**Identities**](#identities): contains the user info retrieved from social sign-in (i.e., sign-in with a social connector), such as Facebook, GitHub, and WeChat.

Author: ```suggestion
- [_identities_](#identities): contains the user info retrieved from social sign-in (i.e., sign-in with a social connector), such as Facebook, GitHub, and WeChat.
```

A user profile consists of the following types of data:

> - [_basic_data_](#basic_data): contains basic info in pre-defined attributes, such as user id, username, email, phone number, and when the user last signed in.
> - [_custom_data_](#custom_data): contains additional info in customizable attributes, such as user-preferred color and language.
> - [_identities_](#identities): contains the user info retrieved from social sign-in (i.e., sign-in with a social connector), such as Facebook, GitHub, and WeChat.

Author: ```suggestion
- [basic_data](#basic_data) contains basic info in pre-defined attributes, such as user id, username, email, phone number, and when the user last signed in.
- [custom_data](#custom_data) contains additional info in customizable attributes, such as user-preferred color and language.
- [identities](#identities) contains the user info retrieved from social sign-in (i.e., sign-in with a social connector), such as Facebook, GitHub, and WeChat.
```

[Management API](../../../docs/recipes/manage-users/using-management-api),
such as <a href="/api/#tag/Users/paths/~1api~1users~1:userId/get" target="_blank">`GET /api/users/:userId`</a>.

### basic_data

> basic_data contains the basic user info in pre-defined attributes.

Author: updated.

#### user id

> user_id is a unique auto-generated key to identify the user in Logto.

Author: Updated per Slack thread [discussion](https://silverhand-io.slack.com/archives/C02CMB8JVJB/p1656835704413199).

[Management API](../../../docs/recipes/manage-users/using-management-api),
such as <a href="/api/#tag/Users/paths/~1api~1users~1:userId/get" target="_blank">`GET /api/users/:userId`</a>.

### basic_data

#### user_id

_user_id_ is a unique auto-generated key to identify the user in Logto.

#### username

_username_ is used for sign-in with _username_ and password.

When the user has not registered with their _username_, its value may be empty.
Its non-empty value should be no longer than 128 characters, only contain letters, numbers, and underscores (`_`), and NOT start with a number.

#### primary_email

_primary_email_ is the user's email address, used for sign-in with the email and passcode.

> When the user has not registered with their email, its value may be empty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Its value should be `null` if the user did not register by email.
```

[Management API](../../../docs/recipes/manage-users/using-management-api),
such as <a href="/api/#tag/Users/paths/~1api~1users~1:userId/get" target="_blank">`GET /api/users/:userId`</a>.

### basic_data

#### user_id

_user_id_ is a unique auto-generated key to identify the user in Logto.

#### username

_username_ is used for sign-in with _username_ and password.

Its value is from the username that the user first registered with.
Its value may be `null`.

> Its non-null value should be no longer than 128 characters, only contain letters, numbers, and underscores (`_`), and NOT start with a number.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Its non-null value should not exceed 128 characters, only contain letters, numbers, and underscores (`_`), and NOT start with a number.
```

Author: just keep it.

When the user has not registered with their username, their _username_ may be empty.
When the _username_ is non-empty, it should be at most 128 characters, only contain letters, numbers, and underscores (`_`), and NOT start with a number.

> #### primary_email

Reviewer 2: should we mention that primary email/phone is verified?
it should not appear in these two fields if a phone number or email is not verified.

Author: Per Slack thread [discussion](https://silverhand-io.slack.com/archives/C02CMB8JVJB/p1656919713519819?thread_ts=1656835704.413199&cid=C02CMB8JVJB).

primary_email is the user's email address, used for sign-in with the email and passcode.

When the user has not registered with their email, their primary_email may be empty.

> When the primary_email is non-empty, it should be at most 128 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It should be no longer than 128 characters.
```

#### primary_phone

primary_phone is the user's phone number, used for sign-in with the phone number and passcode from SMS.

When the user has not registered with their phone number, their primary_phone may be empty.

> When the primary_phone is non-empty, it should contain numbers prefixed with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When it's non-empty, it should contain numbers prefixed with the
```

#### avatar

_avatar_ is the URL pointing to the user's avatar image.
Its max length is 2048.

> If the user registers with a social connector like Facebook and WeChat, its value may be retrieved from the social user info.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the user registers with a social media account like Facebook and WeChat, the `avatar` will be retrieved from the social user info.
```

Author: just keep it

#### role_names

_roles_names_ represent the roles granted to the user in Logto.

:::info

> For example, only the users whose _roles_names_ contain `admin`, i.e., the admin users, have permission to use Admin Console and Management API in Logto.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, only the users whose _roles_names_ contains `admin`, i.e., the admin users, have permission to use "Admin Console" and Management API in Logto.
```

Author: Updated.

If the user registers with a social connector like Facebook and WeChat, their _avatar_ may be retrieved from the social user info.
Its max length is 2048.

#### role_names

roles_names represent the roles granted to the user in Logto.

> You cannot update the user's role_names using Admin Console for now. Stay tuned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot update the user's role_names using Admin Console for now.
```

If the user registers with a social connector like Facebook and WeChat, their _avatar_ may be retrieved from the social user info.
Its max length is 2048.

#### role_names

roles_names represent the roles granted to the user in Logto.

> A _role_ is a group of permissions that you can grant to users.
> Using roles makes it easier to grant, revoke, and adjust permissions than assigning permissions to users individually.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
A _role_ is a group of permissions that you can grant to users.
Using roles makes it easier to grant, revoke, and adjust permissions than assigning permissions to users individually.

```

}
```

Each user's _custom_data_ is stored in an individual JSON object.

> :::caution DO NOT Put sensitive data in _custom_data_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::caution DO NOT put sensitive data in _custom_data_
```

}
```

Each user's custom_data is stored in an individual JSON object.

> :::caution Put sensitive data in custom_data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:::caution DO NOT put sensitive data in custom_data
```

Author: this fix is put in next PR. please ignore

}
```

Each user's _custom_data_ is stored in an individual JSON object.

:::caution DO NOT put sensitive data in _custom_data_

> You may fetch a user profile as a whole containing _custom_data_ using Management API and send it to the frontend apps or external backend services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may fetch a user profile containing _custom_data_ using Management API and send it to the frontend apps or external backend services.
```

Therefore, putting the sensitive information in _custom_data_ may cause data leaks.

If you still want to put the sensitive information in _custom_data_, we recommend encrypting it first.
Only encrypt/decrypt it in a trusted party like your backend services, and avoid doing it in the frontend apps.

> These will minimize the damage if your users' _custom_data_ is leaked by mistake.

Reviewer 2: damage is more like a `physical` situation.

```suggestion
These will minimize the loss if your users' _custom_data_ is leaked by mistake.
```
